# Games on tilde.town

Various games are available in Town. Here's a list of them.

## mud.tilde.town

[mud.tilde.town](https://github.com/selfsame/mud.tilde.town) is a multiplayer
interactive fiction game written in python by [selfsame](/~selfsame/). You can
access the local server by entering the following command:

    telnet localhost 5071

## botany

[botany](https://github.com/jifunks/botany) is a command line virtual plant
buddy written by [curiouser](/~curiouser). At first you'll be given a seed
that will grow eventually into a beautiful plant. But it will do so only if
you remember to water it every 24 hours. After five days without water, your
beloved plant will died. To avoid that you can ask for your neighbors to water
your plant if you plan to be absent for a while; besides you can take care of
the plants of your neighbors too.

To start playing just enter the following command:

    botany

## asciifarm

[asciifarm](https://github.com/jmdejong/asciifarm) is a multiplayer ascii
farming/fighting game. The idea is to maintain private and public areas where
players can build their own farm and interact with each other. There are too
generated dungeons where players can explore and fight for loot. To enter and
play just type in your command prompt:

    asciifarm

## tron

Tron is a local and multiplayer ascii Tron where you will ride you lightcycle
in order to destroy your opponents. To enter the battle, type the
following command:

    tron

## writo

writo is a persistent world created by [selfsame](/~selfsame/) where anybody in
town can draw in ascii. You can see the result [in black and white
here](/~selfsame/writo.html) or [in full-color full-range
here](/~login/writo/). To enter the writo world and start
drawing, just type:

    writo

## usolitaire

usolitaire is a command-line solitaire. To play, enter the following command
and move the cards by clicking on them:

    usolitaire

## nethack

[NetHack](https://alt.org/nethack/) is a roguelike game. After choosing your
character race and class, your quest will be to go through randomly generated
dungeon and retrieve the Amulet of Yendor. Once done, you'll need to ascend
and gift it to you God. But beware, many players got lost on their journey and
never ascended in their whole life. Will you be more successful? To find out,
just type this incantation:

    nethack

## ATC

Air Traffic Control (ATC) is a challenging game where you need to manage the
air traffic of an airport. To see what it's like you can watch [this
video](https://asciinema.org/a/96532) and to play it, just enter these three
letters in your terminal:

    atc
